README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
# Microcontrollers

</div>

# What I do

- Legacy (1.8.9) Forge mods
- Latest version Fabric mods
- Professional README editor
- SkyClient gave me admin perms
- Used to be on the W-OVERFLOW team (https://woverflow.cc/#credits)

# My Favorite Anime

is Itadaki Seieki

# My Favorite Manga

is Metamorphosis

# Stats
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MicrocontrollersDev&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=gotham)

Note: This means nothing since I just commit spam.

# Random Bullshit
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/0-percent-optimized.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/60-percent-of-the-time-works-every-time.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/ages-20-30.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/approved-by-george-costanza.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/as-seen-on-tv.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-hipsters.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-resentment.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/certified-cousin-terio.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/check-it-out.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/compatibility-club-penguin.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/ctrl-c-ctrl-v.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/designed-in-ms-paint.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/does-not-contain-treenuts.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fo-shizzle.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fuck-it-ship-it.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/gluten-free.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/kinda-sfw.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-crayons.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/mom-made-pizza-rolls.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/reading-6th-grade-level.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/works-on-my-machine.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/you-didnt-ask-for-this.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

# Funny Profile Views Counter

<img src="https://moe-counter.glitch.me/get/@MicrocontrollersDev?theme=asoul" alt="profile view counter"/>

Commit message:

improve clickable links and add modrinth link

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
# Microcontrollers

</div>

# What I do

- Legacy (1.8.9) Forge mods
- Latest version Fabric mods
- My mods can be found at [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/user/Microcontrollers)
- Professional README editor
- [SkyClient](https://skyclient.co) gave me admin perms
- Used to be on the [W-OVERFLOW team](https://woverflow.cc/#credits)

# My Favorite Anime

is Itadaki Seieki

# My Favorite Manga

is Metamorphosis

# Stats
![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MicrocontrollersDev&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=gotham)

Note: This means nothing since I just commit spam.

# Random Bullshit
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/0-percent-optimized.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/60-percent-of-the-time-works-every-time.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/ages-20-30.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/approved-by-george-costanza.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/as-seen-on-tv.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-by-hipsters.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-resentment.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/certified-cousin-terio.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/check-it-out.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/compatibility-club-penguin.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/ctrl-c-ctrl-v.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/designed-in-ms-paint.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/does-not-contain-treenuts.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fo-shizzle.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/fuck-it-ship-it.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/gluten-free.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/kinda-sfw.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-crayons.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/mom-made-pizza-rolls.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/reading-6th-grade-level.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/works-on-my-machine.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/you-didnt-ask-for-this.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

# Funny Profile Views Counter

<img src="https://moe-counter.glitch.me/get/@MicrocontrollersDev?theme=asoul" alt="profile view counter"/>
